hello everyone to raúl with a
new white video - and I bring you a
new trick in multiplayer mode and in
this case I will show you a little trick
so you can practice to play
against bots guys and stay
paralyzed so you can practice tricks
8 whatever clicks what you give the
wins and good for it you do not need
download nothing the only thing that you have to
do is put bots and be able to take the
flag and edit rules so you have
to put the same as me as you see rounds
earned and limited and in adjustment to take
the flag the most important thing will be that the
return time that is not you
paralyze the video and you put it such and
as I have it and well the only thing that will do
is that you can not return the
flag then that vessel
according to the bots and they stay around
the flag and well I recommend that
restrict all weapons except the one
are you going to use for the trick shot in this
case I'm going to use the remington and the dcr
and of secondaries also the restrict
all and good time I'm going to create the
class because
to do the tribute to see
an excess of means so you can also
see what class I'm going to use
I to do
metrix is ​​already worth
to see good I need monkeys angels
and a shock load serves itself is
Well , I think it's already
and well we give initial departure and good what
only you have to do
so that the bots
book on is going to catch your flag the
enemy flag and then you have to
let die right where
where you want them to stay blocked and
in this case good as knock down it
they go up the normal thing is to go up to the houses
we will leave them judged below a
home to be able to make a trick shot
and well the only thing you have to do is
that when it comes out what you want
kiel leave camps because to finish
the game and that's it and now we're going
to get over the trick
we kill them because if not then we
annoy
OK
downcast enemy
well here we are already in your flag the
take more in this case as we want
do the 37 in this site because we
let die here we have to let
kill us a mod
and now no vote will kill us
and now how do you see that it is set for
that can not be
put the flag back and we are already
all the bots are there to see
beyond potatoes because I forgot
to put the clamor I wanted to put the
weather
with the bully bot we go well
we are making progress
dejected
good
I think I put the bots in
professionals we put in
recruits because if they are going to be
annoying as I have done now and
I have also removed the gusts worth
why
and now of course I will not get any
it's going to be normal
and I take the good flag it's really
that what if we are going to do something
and if you want it to be every click camps
then you do the twitcam as
now
good and we finished the game and that's
here change this is the trick more than a
Trick is a tip because it's not a
trick neither clips nor anything the only thing
we do is so that the flag does not
I can
will put back
and well I hope you liked this
video to see if we get to have you with
this trick to practice and I've
Done enough tips to practice
with the sniper and as I said
I hope you enjoyed a single
everyone and see you in the next video
until the next kids
ah